# 🚀 Getting started with Strapi

Strapi comes with a full featured [Command Line Interface](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html) (CLI) which lets you scaffold and manage your project in seconds.

### `develop`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload enabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-develop)

```
npm run develop
# or
yarn develop
```

### `start`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload disabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-start)

```
npm run start
# or
yarn start
```

### `build`

Build your admin panel. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-build)

```
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

Build your React.js 
```
npm start
```

Directories:

In a Strapi project, the config file serves as a central location where you can configure various settings and options for your project. When you create a new Strapi project, the initial configuration is defined in the config/server.js file.

In a Strapi project, the database file is a key component that defines the structure and schema of your project's underlying database. When you create a new Strapi project, the initial database configuration is defined in the config/database.js file.

In my-first-react-app, when you create a React.js project, it means that you have initialized the basic structure and configuration required to develop a web application using the React.js library. React.js is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces, developed by Facebook.

Creating a React.js project typically involves the following steps:

1. Setting up the Development Environment: Before creating a React.js project, you need to ensure that you have the necessary tools and dependencies installed on your machine. This includes Node.js (which includes npm or Yarn) to manage packages and the development server.

2. Initializing the Project: Once your development environment is ready, you can use a command-line interface (CLI) tool such as Create React App (CRA) to create a new React.js project. CRA is a widely-used tool that sets up a boilerplate React project with all the necessary configuration and tooling to get started quickly.

3. Project Structure: After the project is created, a basic directory structure is generated with predefined files and folders. These include the entry point file (usually named `index.js` or `App.js`), configuration files (such as `package.json` and `webpack.config.js`), and directories for components, assets, styles, and tests.

4. Configuring Dependencies: The package.json file contains a list of dependencies required for your React.js project. These dependencies include the React library itself, as well as additional packages for state management (such as Redux), routing, styling, and other functionality that you may need for your application.

5. Building and Running the Project: Once the initial setup is complete, you can use the provided scripts (e.g., `npm start` or `yarn start`) to run a development server that hosts your React application. This server hot-reloads your code, allowing you to see changes in real-time as you develop your application.

By creating a React.js project, you establish the foundation for developing a web application using React's component-based architecture. You can then start building and designing user interfaces, managing application state, handling user interactions, and integrating with backend APIs to create dynamic and interactive web applications.

In a Strapi project, the public directory serves as the location for static assets that are publicly accessible by the server. When you create a new Strapi project, the public directory is generated by default with some predefined files and folders.

In a Strapi project, the src directory contains the source code of your project's backend and frontend application. When you create a new Strapi project, the src directory is created with several subdirectories and files.








